[
  "A medicinal herb widely grown in Southeast Asia, known for its white or purple flowers bearing long, protruding stamens that resemble cat's whiskers. Traditionally used for treating kidney diseases, bladder inflammation, gout, and diabetes.",
  "Commonly available as dried leaves for tea, standardized extracts in capsules, and liquid tinctures in health stores across Southeast Asia and globally.",
  "The distinctive 'cat's whiskers' flowers contain essential oils and specific caffeic acid derivatives.",
  "Strong antioxidant and immunomodulatory effects.",
  "Supports immune system and protects against cellular damage.",
  "The leaves are the most commonly used part of Misai Kucing, rich in phenolic compounds and flavonoids.",
  "Antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, antimicrobial, anti-angiogenic, and diuretic properties.",
  "Used in managing oxidative stress-related diseases, inflammation, kidney stones, urinary tract health, and as a natural preservative.",
  "Potent diuretic, anti-inflammatory, and anti-tumor activities.",
  "Helps in treating kidney stones, edema, and exhibits potential in cancer therapy.",
  "Vasodilatory, anti-proliferative, and anti-inflammatory.",
  "Potential use in cardiovascular health and cancer prevention.",
  "The stems contain high levels of potassium salts and essential oils.",
  "Nicotiana tabacum is an annual herbaceous plant belonging to the family Solanaceae. It is one of the most widely cultivated commercial plants in the world and is primarily grown for its nicotine-rich leaves. The plant typically reaches 1–3 meters in height, possesses large sticky leaves, pink tubular flowers, and a thick hairy stem. It originated in the Americas and later spread globally through colonial trade and agriculture. Chemically, the plant is rich in alkaloids, especially nicotine, together with nornicotine, anatabine, flavonoids, terpenoids, and phenolic compounds. Biologically, it exhibits insecticidal, antimicrobial, antioxidant, and neuroactive properties. Tobacco has also become an important model organism in plant biotechnology and molecular farming for recombinant protein and vaccine production. However, many descriptions of tobacco become intellectually dishonest because they isolate pharmacological activities from toxicological reality. The same plant associated with useful bioactive metabolites is also linked to addiction, carcinogenicity, cardiovascular disease, and respiratory disorders due to nicotine and tobacco-specific nitrosamines. Any scientific discussion that ignores both dimensions is incomplete and scientifically weak.",
  "Widely available globally.",
  "The primary source of nicotine and other alkaloids.",
  "Potent neuroactive and insecticidal properties. antimicrobial, antifungal, insecticidal, antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and cytotoxic activities.",
  "Used in agricultural pesticides and nicotine replacement therapies.",
  "Evergreen tree; its inner bark is used to make cinnamon, a spice widely used in cooking. The bark is also used traditionally for GI upset, diarrhea, and infections.",
  "Yes (spice, essential oil, medicinal products).",
  "Bark used as stomachic, for abdominal pains.",
  "Antispasmodic, antimicrobial, and potential antiulcer properties.",
  "Used for digestive disorders and as an antimicrobial agent.",
  "Nutmeg is a spice made from the seed of the nutmeg tree, a tropical evergreen native to Indonesia. The seed is used for digestive disorders, asthenia, and weight gain.",
  "Widely available globally as a spice and essential oil.",
  "The inner seed is dried and used as the spice nutmeg.",
  "Antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory; hallucinogenic at high doses.",
  "Used for digestive disorders and historically for pain relief.",
  "A medium-sized evergreen tree native to northeast Vietnam and southwest China. The star shaped fruits are harvested just before ripening and are widely used in culinary and medicinal applications.",
  "Available globally as whole fruit, powder, or essential oil.",
  "The ripe fruit is used for respiratory infections, dyspepsia, and bloating.",
  "Antispasmodic, carminative, and expectorant.",
  "Relieves bloating, coughs, and acts as a mild digestive tonic.",
  "Aloe vera is a popular, low-maintenance succulent known for its thick, fleshy green leaves containing a medicinal gel used for skin burns and irritations.",
  "Gel, juice, capsules, extract, topical gels, cosmetics.",
  "The inner leaf contains a mucilage gel widely used in medicine.",
  "Wound healing, anti-inflammatory, and strong laxative effects.",
  "Used for short-term constipation relief.",
  "The castor bean is a fast-growing shrub or small tree. The fixed oil obtained from its seeds is a potent medicinal agent.",
  "Available globally as pure Castor Oil for medicinal and cosmetic use.",
  "Pressed to yield Castor Oil.",
  "Stimulant laxative, emollient, lubricant.",
  "Used heavily in pharmaceutical vehicles and as an active laxative.",
  "The whole thallus (marine algal body) is used as the source material. Mainly composed of linear copolymers of β-D-mannuronic acid (M units) and α-L-guluronic acid (G units).",
  "Antacid formulations, wound dressings, dental impression materials, pharma excipient suppliers.",
  "The entire algal body is used to extract alginates.",
  "Thickening agent, suspending agent, tablet binder, wound dressing, dental impression material.",
  "Used in antacids to form a protective raft, and as a hydrophilic excipient.",
  "Marine algae that are rich sources of industrial and pharmaceutical hydrocolloids. Extracts include carrageenans (sulfated D-galactose and 3,6-anhydro-D-galactose polymers) and agar (agarose and agaropectin galactose-based polymers) obtained from the entire body (thallus) of various species.",
  "Powder, strips, flakes. Suspending agent, laxative preparations, and culture media.",
  "Processed block of entire algal body, the source of carrageenans and agar.",
  "Pharmaceutical suspensions, gels, food stabilizers.",
  "Gelling, stabilizing, emulsifying agent.",
  "Laxative, culture media, suspending agent, suppository base.",
  "Acts as a bulk laxative and suspending agent.",
  "Mainly composed of partially methylated polygalacturonic acid chains. It also contains rhamnose, arabinose, galactose, and methoxyl groups depending on degree of esterification.",
  "Antidiarrheal preparations, food/pharma gelling agents.",
  "The medicinal source is the fruit peel and pulp cell wall.",
  "Gelling agent, stabilizer. Antidiarrheal preparations.",
  "Used as a gelling agent and in antidiarrheal formulations.",
  "Obtained as a dried gummy exudate from the bark and stem of Sterculia urens. Contains acidic polysaccharides mainly composed of galactose, rhamnose, and galacturonic acid.",
  "Bulk laxative products, denture adhesives.",
  "Naturally oozes out after injury to the trunk.",
  "Bulk laxative, tablet binder, thickener.",
  "Used as a bulk-forming laxative.",
  "Obtained as dried gummy exudate from the stem and branches of Acacia senegal. Contains arabin (a complex polysaccharide), calcium, magnesium, and potassium salts of arabic acid.",
  "Powder, granules, syrups, emulsions, suspensions, tablet binder.",
  "Oozes after natural injury or incision.",
  "Emulsifier, suspending agent, binder, demulcent.",
  "Pharmaceutical excipient for stabilization.",
  "Swells in water to form viscous gel. Contains tragacanthin and bassorin.",
  "Suspensions, emulsifying agent, ointment base.",
  "Dried sap.",
  "Water-soluble demulcent and emulsion stabilizer.",
  "Strong viscosifying and suspending properties, used as a stabilizer in food and pharmacy.",
  "Water-insoluble fraction that swells extensively in water to form a highly viscous gel.",
  "Thickening agent, stabilizer, and visual texture enhancer in suspensions.",
  "Seed husk rich in arabinoxylans. Contains arabinoxylans.",
  "Husk, powder, capsules. Laxatives, fiber supplements.",
  "The outer layer of the seed, rich in water-soluble fiber.",
  "Bulk-forming laxative.",
  "Constipation treatment, bowel regulators.",
  "Fruit mesocarp as a drug. Contains Oleic acid, linoleic acid, palmitic acid, stearic acid, squalene, tocopherols, phytosterols.",
  "Pharmaceutical emollient, medicinal oil.",
  "Fleshy part of the fruit yields oil.",
  "Emollient, laxative, vehicle for injections, ointment base, skin protectant.",
  "Used as a pharmaceutical vehicle and emollient.",
  "Source of α-Linolenic acid, linoleic acid, oleic acid, palmitic acid, stearic acid.",
  "Oil bottle, capsules, nutritional supplement, essential fatty acid source.",
  "Produces linseed/flaxseed oil.",
  "Nutritional supplement, emollient, source of essential fatty acids.",
  "Source of omega-3.",
  "Seeds (cocoa beans) contain triglycerides of stearic acid, palmitic acid, oleic acid.",
  "Solid fat blocks, suppository base, ointment base.",
  "Seeds are processed back into cocoa butter.",
  "Saturated fatty acid. Plays a critical role in providing solidity and texture to cocoa butter at room temperature.",
  "Acts as a structural hardening agent and emollient in cream, ointment, and suppository bases.",
  "Major monounsaturated omega-9 fatty acid. Acts as an emollient, vehicle for injections, and skin protectant.",
  "Moisturizes skin and helps maintain structural consistency of the suppository base.",
  "Common saturated fatty acid. Contributes to solidity and high stability against lipid oxidation.",
  "Acts as a texturizer, emollient, and stabilizer in pharmaceutical vehicles.",
  "Essential polyunsaturated omega-6 fatty acid. Enhances skin penetration and exhibits mild anti-inflammatory properties.",
  "Supports cutaneous barrier repair and fluidizes dense lipophilic formulations.",
  "Long-chain saturated fatty acid found in minor parts. Provides emulsification enhancement and fine crystallization consistency.",
  "Minor constituent utilized for high-stability lubrication and texture modulation.",
  "Cardiovascular protective and antioxidant medicinal plant. Contains Rutin, Quercetin, Kaempferol, Isorhamnetin, Genistein.",
  "Facial serums, extracts, pharmaceutical preparations.",
  "Rich source of flavonoids like rutin.",
  "Antioxidant, Anti-inflammatory, Vasoprotective, Anticancer, Anti-diabetic.",
  "Capillary protectant.",
  "Naturally occurring in Europe as a herbaceous perennial. Relieves rheumatism, arthritis, fever, headache, toothache.",
  "Extracts and herbal infusions.",
  "Small yellowish-white flowers used in traditional medicine.",
  "Analgesic, Antimicrobial and antipyretic.",
  "Pain relief, fever reducer.",
  "The willows are trees common in damp regions all over Europe. The bark of these trees displays a high content of salicin.",
  "Herbal supplements and topical solutions.",
  "High content of salicin.",
  "Analgesic, anti-inflammatory.",
  "Natural alternative for pain relief.",
  "A tall tropical tree native to South and Central America. Its valuable fragrant balsamic resin is harvested in two forms: Balsam of Peru (extracted from scorched bark) and Balsam of Tolu (exuded from the trunk). Highly valued as a natural antiseptic, expectorant, and vulnerary.",
  "Dermatological formulations, cough syrups, and fine perfumery.",
  "Balsamic exudate collected from the bark and trunk of Myroxylon balsamum.",
  "Antiseptic and vulnerary.",
  "Treatment of minor wounds, burns, and ulcers.",
  "Antiseptic and expectorant.",
  "Used in cough syrups.",
  "Wild tree species belonging to the genus Styrax, native to Southeast Asia (Sumatra, Malaysia, Thailand, Laos, and Vietnam). They yield highly fragrant balsamic resins (Sumatra Benzoin and Siam Benzoin) rich in benzoic acid and coniferyl benzoate, widely used as antiseptics, cosmetics, fine perfumery, and expectorants.",
  "Perfumery, cosmetic ingredients, incense, and topical antiseptic formulations.",
  "Balsamic resin extracted from the bark of Styrax species.",
  "Antiseptic.",
  "Used topically for antiseptic properties.",
  "Wound healing and perfumery.",
  "Common damp-region North American plant. The essential oil is obtained from the leaves.",
  "Wintergreen oil is used in North America in the formulation of oral hygiene and cosmetic products.",
  "Source of wintergreen essential oil.",
  "Anti-inflammatory, analgesic, counter-irritant.",
  "Used topically for muscle and joint pain."
]